# Mandelbrot and Julia Sets

This one is actually from college, but I really like it so it's worth posting. While the Java file was last modified on Dropbox on February 20, 2013, the project, or at least the sequence of events leading up to it, is much older than that. If I can get the hard drive from that computer recovered (or hopefully finally find the CDs with my projects backed up, which were lost when my father moved), I will update with a more accurate creation time.

It started in freshman year of college, in Spring Term of 2011, with a project similar to the Fractals project in this repository, except in C++. The final lab of the course was to use a simple graphics package to play with moving shapes around the screen, and by the end to draw bezier curves (I didn't actually remember all these details. Just happens that the course webpage is still live haha). After the lab, I went and re-implemented the Fractals project in this graphics package, and then went further, adding the Mandelbrot set to it. I had to modify the graphics package itself to do this, because its "points" were just smallish circles, not pixel points, so the rendered Mandelbrot set was ugly. I showed this to the professor after the final exam, and he was impressed with it so I was pretty proud of that.

Anyway, I didn't learn Java until that summer. I ended up playing with the Mandelbrot set again in Java the following spring, 2012, trying to make an application where you could infinitely zoom in on the set. That didn't work out as expected. But then I learned about the relationship between the Mandelbrot set and Julia sets, which is when I made this application. I was so proud of it that I showed it off during a job interview, and the founder of the company (a small math educators' website) walked by and saw it and said "give this guy a job immediately!". I don't know if that actually had any impact on the decision (I did get the job), but it was definitely a great moment for me! Funnily enough, the application crashed at just that moment because of an IndexOutOfBounds error caused by improper String length validation in writing out the K values at the top of the screen, but the interjection was enough for me to close the application and move on haha

